so guys we're going to show you some
beginner BMX tricks are pretty cool
impress your friends mhmmm yeah but
anyways uh these will lead up to some
advanced tricks if you want to become a
better hbu mixer so first one is a bunny
hop hop up here or anywhere to start
your bunny hop oh okay and then after
you got that down Oh thing you have to
do when you lift up at the same time
scoop
so sweet so when you do that or be like
this alright so that was a bunnyhop so
next we have a full gym now you have a
foot camp all right no foot you this
trick leads to a lot of things such as
foots jammed tailwhip gonna put you hop
to like
yeah so alright if your right foot
forward means your foot is up here from
the ride you stick your right foot after
left foot forward stick your left foot
between the fork in the tire you do that
come up like this you're standing like
this and then you stick it like that
leave for plea for it and then you roll
back alright so that's pretty much it
some things you can do here looks like
your right foot forward you have your
right peg on a left a right they left
foot board if a pen here and I can't
really do what I'm still learning how
but I know how to do like this you scoop
up with your back tired what at the same
time you're leaning forward like that
there's something surprise like this
just slowly cheekbone like this and then
while you're riding you have to be like
this doodle foot like that I can't doing
good all right so that was our bad
Triana hang five so see you next time
guys stop